Once upon a time, there was a fuzzy robot. People were pretty confused
about this because they had never seen a robot before, nevertheless, a fuzzy
one. The robot came from the stars it claimed, but in reality it came from
the pits of hell itself! How tricky this robot was! It persuaded the town
that it could help them learn more. Ah but the town was actually against
learning and considered it to be a witch! They decided to burn it, but when
the flames touched the robot they didn't dare dream of what was to happen
next....
Amazingly, the robot turned itself into a kebab rack. As people was afraid of the explosion caused by burning electronics, they have left. So the kebab shelf remained on water with all kinds of meat. The smell of kebabs attracts the kids in town. They began to gather around the fire. However, no one knows where did it come from, so no one dares to take something to eat. After a while, the parents found their children missing and began looking for them.

Hoping to find some evidece, parents went to the place where the robot
was burned. They found a child, with full of fear, hiding in the woods.
They approached to the child and asked what happened. Then the child
said, "We heard a whisper saying, 'Do you smell kebab? It is the
most delicious kebab in the world. This is your last chance to taste
this precious kebab. Come to me.l Follow my sound.". So we followed
the whisper. Then we saw... We saw..". The child fainted. Parents
decided to go to the woods where the child claimed he heard a whisper.

The parents followed the footprints into the woods. They could smell something cooking, what could it be? kebabs, children, children kebabs?
As it turned out it was actually the robot with the children and some fresh fish cooking on a fire. The robot yelled at the parents saying that he had dto teach the children how to fish and that they should be ashamed of being against learning.
The parents hung their heads and walked home, knowing that the robot would be a better parent than they ever would be. Then they all had new children and so the two clans were formed and many years later the clans had a war and the first robot was created, and it was fuzzy.
